Apple shipped a total of 40.4 million units, which is a 15% decline year on year from 2015Q2. The new iPhone SE did well in both emerging  developed markets. The iPhone 6s was its best-selling device globally, followed by the SE  6s Plus.
Apple's plans for advanced laptop controls may extend beyond that rumored OLED touch strip. Both 9to5Mac and TrustedReviews report that Apple has been in talks to use a laptop version of Sonder Design's dynamic keyboard technology, which uses E Ink to change key labels on the fly. Just how Tim Cook and company would implement the hardware isn't clear, but it might work the way these keyboards have operated since the days of Art Lebedev's Optimus Maximus. If so, you'd get handy labels on keys as you switch contexts, such as brushes in an image editor or different characters when you switch languages.
It operates the online Apple Store  iTunes Store, the latter of which is the world's largest music retailer. There are over one billion actively used Apple products worldwide as of March 2016.
Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino, California, that designs, develops,  sells consumer electronics, computer software,  online services. 
Kantar’s Worldpanel ComTech reported smartphone market shares in key markets around the globe for March  it shows that Apple’s iPhone continues its monthly decline in most markets  may have topped out in China. In its latest findings Apple’s share in the US, Japan, Great Britain, France  Spain continued its multi-month decline.
Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino, California, that designs, develops,  sells consumer electronics, computer software,  online services. Its hardware products include the iPhone smartphone, the iPad tablet computer, the Mac personal computer, the iPod portable media player, the Apple Watch smartwatch,  the Apple TV digital media player. Apple's consumer software includes the macOS  iOS operating systems, the iTunes media player, the Safari web browser,  the iLife  iWork creativity  productivity suites. Its online services include the iTunes Store, the iOS App Store  Mac App Store,  iCloud.
Apple & Deloitte Team Up to Accelerate Business Transformation on iPhone & iPad.macOS Sierra Now Available as a Free Update. Swift Playgrounds Now Available on the App Store.Apple Introduces iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus —The Best, Most Advanced iPhone Ever.Apple Introduces Apple Watch Series 2, The Ultimate Device For A Healthy Life.Apple Reinvents the Wireless Headphone with AirPods.Apple & Nike.Launch the Perfect Running Partner, Apple Watch Nike+.Apple Watch Hermès Introduces New Styles & Colors.Apple Pay Coming to Japan with iPhone 7.
iPhone  is a line of smartphones designed  marketed by Apple Inc.  manufactured by Foxconn. They run Apple's iOS mobile operating system. The first generation iPhone was released on June 29, 2007; the most recent iPhone model is the iPhone 7, which was unveiled at a special event on September 7, 2016.
Apple est une entreprise multinationale américaine qui conçoit et commercialise des produits électroniques gr public, des ordinateurs personnels et des logiciels informatiques. Parmi les produits les plus connus de l'entreprise se trouvent les ordinateurs Macintosh, l'iPod, l'iPhone et l'iPad, la montre Apple Watch, le lecteur multimédia iTunes, la suite bureautique iWork, la suite multimédia iLife ou des logiciels à destination des professionnels tels que Final Cut Pro et Logic Pro.
Apple Inc. (Apple) designs, manufactures  markets mobile communication  media devices, personal computers,  portable digital music players,  a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions,  third-party digital content  applications. The Company's products  services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer  professional software applications, the iOS  OS X operating systems, iCloud,  a variety of accessory, service  support offerings. The Company also delivers digital content  applications through the iTunes Store, App StoreSM, iBookstoreSM,  Mac App Store. The Company distributes its products worldwide through its retail stores, online stores,  direct sales force, as well as through third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers,  value-added resellers. In February 2012, the Company acquired app-search engine Chomp.
Delicious  crunchy, apple fruit is one of the most popular  favorite fruits among the health conscious, fitness lovers who firmly believe in the concept of “health is wealth.” This wonderful fruit is packed with rich phyto-nutrients that, in the true sense, indispensable for optimal health. Certain antioxidants in apple have several health promoting  disease prevention properties,  thereby, truly justifying the adage, “an apple a day keeps the doctor away.”
Apple- king of all fruits have long been associated with the biblical story of Adam  Eve. Between the Caspin  the Black Sea, the fruit was originated in the Middle East just about 4000 years ago! It is one of the most favorite  popular fruits ever known. As with the well-known adage "An apple a day keeps a doctor away" the fruit has been doing much good to people who are health conscious. In addition, even the fitness freaks prefer having this wonderful nutrient packed fruit. By all aspects, the fruit is indispensable. Apart from health care  nutrition, it is also known for medicinal values. While the study of apples health benefits dates back to early stages, research to date suggests that its nutrients may play a role in promoting human health in a number of ways.
"An apple a day keeps the doctor away" is an old Welsh proverb that most of us are familiar with, but what makes this fruit so special? What health benefits are associated with eating apples?As one of the most cultivated  consumed fruits in the world, apples are continuously being praised as a "miracle food".In fact, apples were ranked first in Medical News Today's featured article about the top 10 healthy foods.Apples are extremely rich in important antioxidants, flavanoids,  dietary fiber.
The health benefits of apple include improved digestion, prevention of stomach disorders, gallstones, constipation, liver disorders, anemia, diabetes, heart disease, rheumatism, eye disorders, a variety of cancers,  gout. It also helps in improving weakness  provides relief from dysentery. Apples also help in treating dysentery. Furthermore, they can prevent the onset of Alzheimer’s  Parkinson’s disease. Finally, they aid in dental care  skin care.
Apples! They are a crunchy, portable snack that packs a nutritious punch  gives you that little pop of energy you need to get through the day. Whether diced in a salad, dipped in peanut butter, or eaten whole, the apple has become a staple food in any pantry.While you may love them for their tastiness, satisfying sweetness,  naturally convenient packaging, there are many other reasons to bite into apples. Click through the slideshow to learn more about this fantastic fruit.
Right from childhood everyone has learnt the saying “An apple a day keeps doctor away”. Expectant mothers are given apples in large quantities so as to improve digesting of mother  health of their yet to be born child. It is believed that a child would have least skin defects if the mother eats apples before the birth of child. Which vitamins  nutritional components make apple such a magic fruit?
Your mother was right. An apple a day may help keep you out of the doctor’s office,  scientists are just beginning to find out why. Plenty of vitamins  minerals, as well as phytonutrients, or plant compounds, are packed into one baseball-sized piece of fruit.
It’s no surprise that apples are good for you — why else would they have earned that “keep the doctor away” reputation? — but there are a number of lesser-known reasons to pick up a juicy one today.
The apple tree (Malus pumila, commonly and erroneously called Malus domestica) is a deciduous tree in the rose family best known for its sweet, pomaceous fruit, the apple. It is cultivated worldwide as a fruit tree, and is the most widely grown species in the genus Malus. The tree originated in Central Asia, where its wild ancestor, Malus sieversii, is still found today. 
Further, apple fruit is a good source of B-complex vitamins such as riboflavin, thiamin, and pyridoxine (vitamin B-6). Together, these vitamins help as co-factors for enzymes in metabolism as well as in various synthetic functions inside the human body. Apples also carry a small amount of minerals like potassium, phosphorus, and calcium. Potassium is an important component of cell and body fluids helps controlling heart rate and blood pressure; thus, counters the bad influences of sodium.